DOCS-1090: Document Access Management Plugin (#1115)
minio/docs: source/includes/common-minio-external-auth.rst

.. end-minio-identity-management-comment

.. start-minio-access-management-plugin-url

The webhook endpoint for the external access management service (``https://authzservice.example.net:8080/authz``).

.. end-minio-access-management-plugin-url

.. start-minio-access-management-plugin-auth-token

An authentication token to present to the configured webhook endpoint.

Specify a supported HTTP `Authentication scheme <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Authentication#authentication_schemes>`__ as a string value, such as ``"Bearer TOKEN"``.
MinIO sends the token using the HTTP `Authorization <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Authorization>`__ header.

.. end-minio-access-management-plugin-auth-token

.. start-minio-access-management-plugin-enable-http2

Enable experimental HTTP2 support for connecting to the configure webhook service. 

Defaults to off

.. end-minio-access-management-plugin-enable-http2

.. start-minio-access-management-plugin-comment

> Specify a comment to associate to the externalaccess management configuration.

Reviewer: presumably two words here?
```suggestion
Specify a comment to associate to the external access management configuration.
```
